README.md, before:

# Project Name
> Outline a brief description of your project.


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What is the background of your project?
- What is the business probem that your project is trying to solve?
- What is the dataset that is being used?

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 from the analysis
- Conclusion 2 from the analysis
- Conclusion 3 from the analysis
- Conclusion 4 from the analysis

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- library - version 1.0
- library - version 2.0
- library - version 3.0

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- References if any...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).


## Contact
Created by [@githubusername] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->

Commit message:

detailed description about the project is given

README.md, after:

# Lending Club Case study
> Lending club is the largest online loan marketplace, facilitating personal loans,
>business loans, and financing of medical procedures.



## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Borrowers can easily access lower interest rate loans through a fast online interface.
- This analysis is made to decide whether the loan applicant is more likely to
- default or not based on the data that are available
- The data set that is used in this project is loan.csv file 
<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Lending club should reduce the high interest loans for 60 months tenure, they are prone to loan
  default.
- Small business loans are defaulted more. Lending club should stop/reduce issuing the loans to
  them.
- Borrowers with mortgage home ownership are taking higher loans and defaulting the approved
  loans. Lending club should stop giving loans to this category when loan amount requested is more
  than 12000.
- Lending Club should control their number of loan issues to borrowers who are from CA, FL and
  NY to make profits.
- Grades are good metric for detecting defaulters. Lending club should examine more information
  from borrowers before issuing loans to Low grade (G to A).
- People with more number of public derogatory records are having more chance of filing a
  bankruptcy. Lending club should make sure there are no public derogatory records for borrower.

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- The analysis is made using Python 3.0 
- Libraries that are being used are Pandas, seaborn, matplotlib


<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
- References made for this project are
- https://stackoverflow.com/ 
- https://www.w3schools.com/
- https://towardsdatascience.com/


## Contact
Created by [@githubusername] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
